c:\users\stoilovi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Darts\Darts\bin\Debug\Darts.exe.config
c:\users\stoilovi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Darts\Darts\bin\Debug\Darts.exe
c:\users\stoilovi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Darts\Darts\bin\Debug\Darts.pdb
c:\users\stoilovi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Darts\Darts\obj\Debug\Darts.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\stoilovi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Darts\Darts\obj\Debug\Darts.Form1.resources
c:\users\stoilovi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Darts\Darts\obj\Debug\Darts.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\stoilovi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Darts\Darts\obj\Debug\Darts.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\stoilovi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Darts\Darts\obj\Debug\Darts.exe
c:\users\stoilovi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Darts\Darts\obj\Debug\Darts.pdb
c:\users\stoilovi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Darts\Darts\obj\Debug\Darts.Form2.resources
C:\Users\Stoilovi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Darts\Darts\obj\Debug\Darts.Form3.resources
C:\Users\Stoilovi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Darts\Darts\obj\Debug\Darts.Form4.resources
C:\Users\Stoilovi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Darts\Darts\obj\Debug\Darts.Form5.resources
C:\Users\Stoilovi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Darts\Darts\obj\Debug\Darts.Form6.resources
C:\Users\Stoilovi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Darts\Darts\obj\Debug\Darts.Form7.resources
C:\Users\Stoilovi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Darts\Darts\obj\Debug\Darts.Form8.resources
C:\Users\Stoilovi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Darts\Darts\obj\Debug\Darts.Form9.resources
C:\Users\Stoilovi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Darts\Darts\obj\Debug\Darts.Form10.resources
C:\Users\Stoilovi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Darts\Darts\obj\Debug\Darts.Form11.resources
C:\Users\Stoilovi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Darts\Darts\obj\Debug\Darts.Form12.resources
C:\Users\Stoilovi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Darts\Darts\obj\Debug\Darts.Form13.resources
C:\Users\Stoilovi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Darts\Darts\obj\Debug\Darts.Form14.resources
